Slider control (#761)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/slider/visual-structure.md

---
title: Visual Structure
page_title: .NET MAUI Slider Documentation - Visual Structure
description: Learn what visual elements are displayed by the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI Slider, and see how these elements build the visual structure of the control.
position: 2
slug: slider-visual-structure
---

> # .NET MAUI Silder Visual Structure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# .NET MAUI Slider Visual Structure
```

The visual structure of the .NET MAUI Slider represents the anatomy of the UI component. Being familiar with the visual elements of the Slider allows you to quickly find the information required to configure them.

The following image shows the anatomy of the Slider.

![.NET MAUI Slider Visual Structure](images/slider-visual-structure.png "Visual elements of Slider control")

## Displayed Elements

- **Backtrack**&mdash;The part of the slider across which the value thumb slides.
- **Thumb**&mdash;A draggable handle which represents the slider value.
- **Range Track**&mdash;The part of the backtrack from its start along to the value thumb.
- **Ticks** and **Labels**&mdash;Visual indicators of the underlying min-max range.

> - **Tooltips**&mdash; Visual indicators of the current value selected with the thumb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tooltip**&mdash; A visual indicator of the current value selected with the thumb.
```
